Many CMN viewers have requested
that we interview Barbara Marciniak,
who has not been doing video interviews or presentations
for more than a decade.
Thus, this is a rare event to see her.
For those who are not familiar with her work,
she’s an author of several books
that contain wisdom given to Barbara
by a group of beings she identifies as the Pleiadians.
We spoke with her about a vast array of subjects
from love, to the truth about beauty,
sexuality, and much more.
(upbeat music)
I said to you off camera before we began here,
that we need to start looking at How To guides for people
because people are waking up and smelling
that something's really not right around here.
And that’s good.
That's a good thing.
That's the best news around.
It means they're breaking the trance, okay?
They're breaking the trance.
They're breaking the paradigm trance.
And, whether they know it or not,
it is those feelings inside that are
absolutely designed now to take them to the next level.
The question is, (clears throat)
now that we know that something's wrong
and we're waking up,
here we’ve broken the trance.
Where the heck do we go?
And you have incredible information on many levels.
A lot of it is very elegant and to the point
and it’s, Duh, why didn’t I think of that?
And others is much more esoteric.
There's knowledge of a lot going on around this planet
that's going to be revealed.
So let’s start wherever you'd like to start with the story
in terms of how we begin preparing ourselves,
say, for the next three years?
What’s going to be revealed?
How we prepare ourselves?
And what’s in our own best interest
in terms of how we treat ourselves?
I think most important,
and this is what the Pleiadians
have taught me over the years.
And the Pleiadians are, of course,
the entities or energies that I channel.
That we have to really make peace with our self,
our physical form,
and the consciousness that occupies that physical form.
So bottom line, they always say, “Number one,
"In order to go forward you have to love yourself."
And, that’s not easy to do.
It’s the hardest thing on this planet.
Yes, and yet it’s the first basic thing is
they say to get the car out of the garage.
Okay? Instead of just sitting in the garage,
and you're driving the car going nowhere.
So basically, the exercise they have always suggested is,
you look in the mirror, you know,
and you have a real heart to heart with yourself,
eye to eye in the mirror.
And, you start telling yourself, "I love you.
"I love you. I love you."
And then you start to see what comes up.
And a lot of times people will want to
break eye contact with the mirror,
or they’ll look down.
And so that’s the process
of what veils and blocks do we have
that prevent us from saying,
"I love you," to ourselves?
I bet a lot of them break into tears.
Of course, that's because again,
as I was saying last night in my talk,
once the tears start coming up,
they're a form of recognition.
And those tears are symptomatic of all the barriers
that we've put there that help us forget,
or that we choose to forget.
Once we start then having the tears,
we melt those barriers.
We melt those memories and we start to see that
that’s our first job, to love our self.
Not to look for love outside of ourselves.
To love ourselves, and then to be
love-generating machines, beings,
energies, bio-body suits, whatever.
And that’s where it begins.
And then from there, it starts opening.
After that, you make an agreement to trust yourself.
You make an agreement that your body is sacred,
that your body can do anything.
And that we're really programming ourselves all the time.
And if we are not programming ourselves,
then the media and society is doing it for us.
Let’s talk about that.
You don’t have health insurance.
I heard that in one of your lectures.
Never had it.
You’ve never had it.
Don’t go to the doctors.
You don’t go to the hospital.
No, I don't.
Except when you
had to help your Mama go over.
Yes, and that was really because she was in pain.
That’s right.
And it was her belief, sort of.
And I said, "Well,"
even though for years I said,
“Mom, we’re not gonna do doctors.
"We can either wait in line and pay a lot of money,
"or we can to treatments."
And once I turned her on to treatments,
she loves treatments.
And treatments are really going to someone
and having them facilitate your energy,
cleaning your body, having body work.
Whether it is chiropractic, massage,
or really getting down to what’s
very, very important in these times,
is cleaning internally, through...
Some people want to do fasting, but you know,
colon cleanses, liver cleanse, colonics.
All these things remove all the sludge and gunk
that we're holding on to.
So in my opinion, that's another thing that's real important
to help facilitate energy.
For yourself, you're going unprotected.
No HMO’s on your side.
No, no.
So, what do you do for yourself,
just as an example to inspire people,
to take care of yourself?
Well, I have good thoughts, number one.
And I accept responsibility for everything I create,
even though sometimes that's really, really hard.
And I would start the day with a glass of water.
And then after that, I would have a glass of Sole,
which is a combination of Himalayan Sea Salts and water.
It’s a saline solution with high concentration of minerals.
So that would alkaline my body.
And then next, after a little while,
would come green drink.
Some sort of invigorating, powdered usually, green drink.
And then after that, I might have fruit.
And then, I would eat pretty much in moderation,
but not really strict.
And I always bless my food.
Meaning that I might put my hands together
and do a Yummm over it, you know.
But what that’s really doing is,
I’m thanking everything that's coming into my body,
and I asking everything I add to my body
to meet my vibration or to take me higher.
So there is a consciousness with eating
that I think most people don’t have.
I do eat relatively healthy.
I’m a gardener, I grow herbs,
I grow some of my veggies, I’m a good cook.
I think it’s really, really important
to prepare your own food and to love preparing your food
because we’re putting energy into it.
And then, to enjoy what we’re eating,
and to make it a feast and a festive thing, even.
And I eat alone lots of times.
When my mom came to live with me,
she was amazed that I would always put a cloth napkin out,
which I think is important, you know.
Yes! You feel like my sister.
I worked in restaurants for years.
Then, I always light a candle and I make it pretty.
And, she was always amazed that I would
eat like this by myself, you know.
And I'd say, “Well Mom, why should I wait to go out
"to be treated like this?
"This is part of the ritual of living."
It’s like, you know, my house is like that, too.
It’s like a ritual of living.
I keep it in order, I make beauty.
Beauty opens our senses,
and it makes us more psychic.
I was saying to someone recently that
that's the true meaning of art.
To make beauty, and then to have that beauty
really stimulate our senses
so that we then move beyond the reality we’re in,
and we can sense our connectedness to other realities.
Because reality is multi-dimensional.
Indeed, and now this whole element of beauty,
your P-friends, the Pleiadians,
have also talked about the essential nature
of beauty in our lives.
Can you comment on some,
just kind of add some layers to that
of what also has come through you on the subject of beauty?
Um, let me think about that.
Whether it's geometry, symmetry.
You know, one thing I am curious about is
the notion of the golden ratio,
because that comes from our heart beat all the way out
to everything of symmetry and beauty.
Oh! Well that would be the golden mean.
The golden ratio would be a real,
built-in living library formula
that establishes a ratio
and a basis from which reality can be built.
One of the interesting things the Pleiadians said about
old building that was made with beauty,
and built with the golden mean,
was that they didn’t just factor in this ratio.
They also factored in the effect of sunlight on buildings.
And that how, when buildings were constructed,
say such as the Acropolis or something like that.
How sunlight would, where it would touch it,
and how it would be in relationship to the Sun,
would also create a sustainability.
And that if we built in orientation--
A sustainability for the--
Meaning the product would last longer.
Oh, the product would.
The product, itself.
So that whatever you were building with,
if you used wood, or stone, or whatever,
particularly stone,
that by the effect of sunlight on that stone,
using the golden mean ratio to start with,
it would then last much, much longer in time.
Because all of these elements of beauty
and the multi-verse would be factored in.
So today, we’re really blind mice building stuff.
And it’s all money,
and it’s all just thrown up--
We’re living in modules.
There’s no aesthetics.
No.
And on some level,
people don’t demand it because,
I think, we’re being entertained to death.
Yes.
There's so much to choose from,
and none of it has much quality or substance to it,
and that’s symptomatic, I think, of people.
People having lost meaning.
Our society does not honor people
who want to contradict what’s going on.
Rightly so, because the media
controls everything, just about.
It's been hijacked, completely.
Yes, completely.
And none of it’s really the truth.
So there's this sort of desperation in people’s souls,
and they don’t know what to do and they’ve given up.
And they've lost their own vavoom, you know,
to be individuals.
But that’s turning, that’s changing.
'Cause I think people have reached
the bottom of emptiness, now,
especially this last year.
It’s like, how much more trivial could it get?
And so, there is a big turnaround happening.
But no one can expect anyone to do it for them.
One of the things the Pleiadians taught me
is that no one's gonna save you.
Nobody's gonna come through the dimensions,
or walk through the doorway,
or the government's not gonna fix it for us.
You mean they're not landing
on the White House lawn for us?
They're not saving anybody.
We have to raise our consciousness,
and we have to get up and do it ourselves.
The Pleiadians have often said that,
you know, we’re very lazy.
And they also have said that
we're highly unpredictable too,
and that’s what they love about us.
No telling when the herd's gonna turn
because we can just suddenly
respond to something very intuitively.
So what people have to do
is they have to accept responsibility.
Our thoughts, our feelings, our imaginations.
This is how reality is created,
and we're all doing it all the time.
And the energies of these times are sort of
unplugging us from the old paradigm,
and whether we choose to unplug ourselves
or whether society starts having
greater and greater difficulties on the economic level.
That, certainly, will unplug people
from the paradigm on one level.
Because they will have to become more autonomous,
more clever, you know.
More innovative in how they deal with the world
and how they re-use their resources, and recycle,
and become clever, as I said.
Go back to their own source.
Yeah, I mean, I grew up in a very clever family.
Everything was used.
We were innovative and everything had a purpose.
I grew up in the '50s,
and so we’ve kind of lost that.
Especially as we lose our elders.
They're leaving, our parents and grandparents,
and they're taking great wisdom with them,
real practical wisdom.
Well, it’s up to our generation, now.
Right.
We are the elders.
Right, and you know we're,
those of us born in the '40s and '50s,
we're Pluto and Leo and so we really like to play.
We really are like big players.
And our parents were more...
and grandparents, had to be more practical.
The energy of today is bringing us back to practicality.
I think that's the name of the game in the next few years,
is that everything has to simplify,
become more practical.
And those things will take people into the higher mind.
And one of the things you were talking about
last night, in fact.
I think at this point in the lecture
you were channeling at that time.
They were talking about all of the elements
and you mentioned one in your own personal life,
and that is the reconnection with the Earth.
A reconnection with the sunlight, as grounding.
Not only grounding, but also allowing us
to begin going back into a state of wholeness,
and opening our abilities, right?
Right, I mean, I’ve always been
someone who enjoys the Sun,
and I‘ve never said,
"Oh, I’m gonna ruin my skin or get skin cancer,"
or nothing like that.
That’s a belief. Those are beliefs.
Yes.
And if you believe those beliefs,
then you end up spending
a heck of a lot of money in the system
that is looking for you to spend a lot of money
that they can’t fix you,
but they want your money.
So there's been a big campaign, in my opinion,
to turn people against the Sun.
Yes.
Absolutely, no doubt about it.
I was hoping you'd talk about that.
And yet, it's our source of light.
It's our source of health.
It's also our source of energy and information.
Because it's not just warming us
and allowing food to grow,
and the whole Earth to blossom.
It’s also transmissions of information,
and I think that's what the ancients knew.
There's stories, you know, in history
that talk about people who,
when they wanted to have covert activities,
they would always do it at night.
And they wouldn’t do it in the light of day
because the Sun would then know,
and the Sun would transmit that information.
So we came up with that expression, you know,
doing things in the dark and keeping it secret.
So there's a lot of truth in just casual expressions
and casual things that we know.
And it's the time to bring all that into focus
and realize these things are really, really important.
Yeah.
And so I think
a way to health is to spend a number,
20 minutes, a couple of hours in the Sun every day,
glancing at the Sun, acknowledging the Sun.
Realizing that those rays not only provide vitamin D
and sustain our body and blood and bones,
but they're giving us information.
And that information travels on light rays.
It's so important, and it is a two-way thing.
We can communicate with the Sun
and just express our feelings, or whatever.
But it is not like worshiping God or anything like that.
I think that my concepts of Creator and Source and all that,
they're so large that I can’t define it
into a God, so to speak.
Especially a male God.
Right.
Because
there's always the female component,
and that’s really another thing that's
vastly missing from our planet.
Is that women are awakening.
Unfortunately, so many women think they have to
awaken into this feminism that turns them into men.
And they lose their beauty,
and they lose the whole idea of producing beauty,
and embodying life, and protecting life.
When I think part of a woman’s role
is to really take on that goddess energy,
and to embody it and to value life.
And to use the intuition.
Right.
And to really make a stance in society
about establishing beauty and fairness,
and that all life is honored.
And, that’s what's coming back.
It is coming back,
and also with great resistance.
Here you have ever-more expanding technology,
very male-oriented in its expression
and also in its design.
And yet it affects all of us because now we’re all
becoming dependent on those technologies.
Exactly, and I--
And now we’re cut away from the Sun even more.
Right.
How do you see that technological interface
as the feminine really needs to show itself.
For myself, I stopped watching TV in the early 70’s.
That's almost 35 years ago.
And it was a choice, it was a choice.
Because I felt, back then even,
that television was doing something to my mind.
That’s why I stopped.
I said, "I’m not gonna waste my time watching these things."
Good for you.
So I do very minimal technology.
I don’t use my dishwasher.
I don’t use a microwave,
even though they came with the house.
They just sit there, unused.
You know, really low-tech.
I use the computer for very few things.
I have to do some of my work on it.
I do a newsletter and when I write books.
Setting up events and something through email.
But it's not something I look to,
to jump into every day.
Because to me, I can’t wait to go outside.
Yeah.
You know, I live in a beautiful place.
I purposely picked a place where I had land,
enough to manage, you know.
Enough to enjoy and garden,
and have campfires in my back yard,
and sweat lodges and parties on my deck.
And that’s how I socialize.
I really take people and myself out in nature.
So it really comes down to a choice.
It does.
Nonetheless, if you look at the really large scale,
you’re talking about children, in particular,
being totally indoctrinated into the use of technology.
And I was noticing even,
you go to a movie, now, in a theater,
and you'll have, unlike even a few months ago,
certainly a year ago,
you got your ad to join up with Uncle Sam.
First of all, is your recruitment ad,
followed by a,
let’s buy this really violent--
See, I don't go to the movies.
nasty video game for Christmas.
Or for the holiday season, Hanukkah, for your children.
It’s followed up with the very thing
that’s going to program them.
Well these are all programmings.
And the important thing about any visual art, okay,
anything that we start choosing to
turn on and watch for entertainment,
our brainwaves change.
And they immediately drop from a conscious state
into a very unconscious state.
And people do that because
they don’t know how to relax anymore.
No one's talking about anything meaningful,
so they don’t know how to discourse
or just have fun without deep inebriation,
or something like that.
So it comes down to people
really getting consciously aware, making a choice.
You know, the pictures that are put before us
are like living dreams,
and they're forms of program.
So those pictures go in our brains,
and then we think that’s reality.
Especially when it is children.
The nervous system of a child
is not mature enough
to handle the rapidity of the data
that is coming through.
And I think that the speed-up of games and violence,
and how fast everything goes,
and how little it is.
Even though it is entertaining,
what’s happening is that it's shutting down the perception.
So that, when you see people looking at some little device,
and the picture's this big...
I have a bunch of nephews,
and when they were really little
I’d walk into the living room
and instead of them yelling and screaming,
like sometimes they would be.
And having a great old time,
which would drive people crazy,
but they were playing.
They'd be quiet, totally quiet.
And I’d look around and I'd say, “What are you guys doing?”
And they're all in a trance with a little thing, this big.
I guess they're called Game Boys.
I never had kids, so I don’t know.
And they're pushing these little buttons,
looking at these little pictures,
and they're totally in a trance.
They're entranced, totally.
Totally in a trance 'cause their brainwaves shift.
And they really have to shift to go down,
to force your perceptions which are out here,
to go down to this little thing and stay there for hours,
and push these little things.
What it's really doing is that,
they can’t see anything, anymore.
Then they come out and they're hyperactive
because too much data has come in too fast,
and their nervous systems are not developed to handle that.
Until children reach,
you know, there's these cycles.
Every seven years it's the Saturn cycle.
So until children are seven,
they really need no media at all.
None. Absolutely none, none, none, whatsoever.
To play with the fairies
in the trees, yeah.
They need to be shown that nature is safe.
That you don’t have to worry about spiders
and ticks and all these things.
They’ve been around forever.
But when people set up a worry,
they say, "Well we could get this," and,
"They could fall off the bike so they need a helmet.
"And we have to put armor them.
"And then the ticks could come."
Oh, and anti-bacterial wipes. (chuckles)
Yeah, and all this stuff and everything.
This, again, is people creating their own reality.
They say, "Well this reality exists.
"I think I’ll put energy behind it and I’ll protect my kid."
And then you attract the very situations
that you want to repel,
because you're energizing them emotionally, with fear.
So you can attract by excitement and conscious intention,
or you can attract things by unconscious,
you know, being programmed,
and then having the high emotionality of fear or worry.
Which then closes the body down,
weakens the immune system,
and then you end up in this cycle of
self-perpetuating going nowhere.
Going nowhere, and now you have to enter into
relationships with other human beings
who have been equally damaged.
What have our relationships devolved to, in your opinion?
And what do you see us evolving back into, or beyond?
Well, if you think about the model I shared
about the acceleration of energy,
that in these years from 1987 to 2012,
everything goes faster, and faster, and faster.
Phase one goes ten-fold each year,
that’s '87 to '96.
I get these years mixed up.
'97 then to 2006, 100-fold.
And then from 2007 to 2012,
according to the Pleiadians and the way they describe this,
everything speeds up 100,000-fold.
Oh my God, 100,000-fold.
100,000-fold. Pedal to the medal, it goes.
So what happens is that,
everyone wants to cram everything all into once.
So when it comes to relationships
on a real spiritual, karmic, timeline level,
we’re meeting all the people faster, quicker,
and we have to do all this stuff with them.
So people are being bombarded with all these
meaningful relationships that are coming through time.
And they may not consciously remember
where they knew someone from,
but there's a familiarity and there's this sense of,
"I’ve gotta complete this. I’ve gotta do this."
And this is what the internet's facilitating
with sites like MySpace and Facebook.
Which I’ve never been on any of these,
but I hear about them.
But what’s happening is that people are putting
all this data out about themselves
and they're trivializing everything
because they want to connect,
and they don’t know how to connect anymore.
And so they've been taught by generation
that this computer's gonna connect them.
But a computer can’t replace
meaningful, face-to-face relationships
where you're looking in someone’s eyes,
or you're feeling their energy field.
Where you can respond to
implication and tone and body language.
And so, of course, it’s going to be empty.
And as people go further into relating to each other
based only on computers,
then we're really destroying society.
We’re destroying the whole purpose
of coming on to the Earth,
which is basically, I feel,
to be in relationship.
[Regina} And, yet,
hopefully as a progression from there,
you see that technology may start taking a dive here,
in the next few years,
and that’s gonna change our potential.
Oh, absolutely! Absolutely.
You know, I do study Astrology as sort of a reality check.
And I mentioned last night that the Pleiadians
suggested that I study Astrology
after I first started channeling.
And also, they said to get Rolfed.
You know, get my body lined up.
I had a Rolf's work.
And to use a crystal.
So I did study astrology and I have for 20 years now,
and I just use it as a tool.
Because sometimes the Pleiadians would say things
and I would think, "Oh, I don’t know.
"This sounds so far-fetched."
But as I started studying astrology,
I could see where the cosmic weather was going.
And I could see where these cycles were leading us
by studying history,
when these things had happened before.
And then based on my intuition
and what people were showing me now.
So we are going to turn all this around
because if we don’t,
and let me say this.
Not everyone will turn this around.
There will be those who will proceed
into this technological future.
And it’s not gonna be pretty,
because they'll end up destroying the body.
The body can’t handle the energy.
Can you talk about that?
Even the astrological indications,
so the basis for this that you’ve seen and been shown?
Well the planet Uranus is in Pisces right now,
and it always brings innovation.
Last night I mentioned that Uranus and Pluto
were conjunct in the '60s in the sign of Virgo,
and that brought this great revolution out,
which was played out in all kinds of ways.
But basically, we had generational break very quickly.
And, of course, there was lots of other elements involved
attempting to control the astrological weather,
or steer the masses into a container,
rather than let the masses
organically respond to this energy.
But it was a break-away energy.
It was a definite revolution.
Well we’re in a much bigger phase of revolution now.
The cycles are much larger.
Because everything's faster and faster,
it means it's not gonna take a revolutionary cycle
to unfold over 20 years after a stimulation point.
It can unfold in weeks, in days.
We're right sitting at that cusp, now.
And so big, big changes are coming.
How does this effect technology,
as you were mentioning it?
- I think that
the point that got stimulated in the '60s
is gonna be re-stimulated in 2010.
So that means that all of us that were
around in the '60s--
Protesting.
Yeah, protesting, and expanding our minds,
and breaking open the head, and all this stuff.
And really exploring what we were.
Now it's gonna re-stimulate all of us
because it makes an aspect that says,
"Okay, now you have to really take,
and do something with that."
So worldwide revolution is coming.
There is no doubt about it.
Do you see that happening in the U.S. political--
I see it all over the world.
I see political collapse, eventually,
all over the world.
And as they Pleiadians would say,
"It’s all by agreement."
It will be bring chaos, there's no doubt about it.
But in order to build something new,
and for something new to come out,
something has to crumble.
And sometimes it is literal crumbling.
Sometimes it’s simply, things just stop working.
And you can see we’re in this,
everything’s not working anymore.
Why isn't it working?
Because people are so corrupt.
They're so corrupt, everything...
True.
And it’s a choice that we all have to face.
We all get this.
It’s like, somebody'll say to you,
"Well if you do this, you know,
"then you can get this."
And then you say, "Wow! Okay."
It looks like a way to get ahead.
And then eventually they say,
"Well, I helped you do this, this, and this.
"So now I want this favor back."
And you say, "I don’t want to do this."
And then they go, "Oh, okay."
You know, and then you get set up.
I mean, I haven't, but I can see how it works.
And then people set people up for
blackmail, corruption, and it gets really nasty.
Which is common in Congress.
It’s so common all over the world,
that it's very, very sad.
So then we have this level of corruption world-wide
that’s basically caught up in blackmail schemes.
And those blackmail schemes always go back to two issues.
Money and sex.
And the misuse of money and the misuse of sex.
They're always first, second chakra issues.
How can I survive?
What am I gonna do with my sexuality?
So that’s something that really has to change,
is that people are valuing their sexuality.
Right, and so the rise of porn
is not a good thing for the human psyche, you're saying?
No, it's horrible.
Because what happens is that
this rise of porn
is a replacement for real relationships.
And I read something very interesting.
That, along with the rise of porn,
in men anyways,
there's also an equal rise of sexual dysfunction.
I think they call it erectile dysfunction.
Yes.
So the more men are looking for stimulation
that's not real, outside themselves,
the less they are able to have fulfilling relationships.
But this works for the drug companies.
Well the drug companies, yes.
$35 billion, $35 billion is the recent figure,
and they expect it to go to $50 billion by 2010.
Now what this is saying on a real symbolic level
is that something's happening with people,
and they don’t know what it is.
So they go to a doctor,
and the doctor is just,
he's just a factory worker, that's all he is.
I mean, no offense,
but we’re all just factory workers.
You come out of college, you come out of school,
I don’t care how many degrees you have
and how much you paid for it.
We’re just a factory worker
fulfilling someone else’s agenda to make money,
and to keep people locked into something,
the services that have no heart.
So these people come in and the doctors aren’t psychic.
They're not trained to be psychic.
They don’t have time, they don’t care.
They don't say, "What’s really going on?"
They don’t wanna look in the soul.
So then it’s all these drugs.
And people get on drugs,
and then they don’t know what’s going on,
and they vacate their body
and then this is where we get into entity possession.
Drugs can lead to entity possession,
and pornography leads to entity possession.
Because what happens when you lower your vibration
and your values sexually, okay.
Then you have sex based on these activities,
what I call funky sex.
You know, without love and without real significance,
and it goes way down from there.
Right.
You open yourself wide to other entities to come in,
that want human bodies
to engage in these perverse activities.
And they're harmful and they're demeaning.
And the important thing that people must really understand
is that sex is psychic energy.
It's powerful psychic energy.
Used at a very high level,
two people can generate
so much sexual energy and psychic energy,
that they can remote view during sex.
They can go heal the world and change things.
This is sort of a lost art,
and we hide it under tantra and all these things,
and think it has to be all these exercises
and magical performing and everything.
It really has to do more with two people’s intention.
It's more essential, yeah.
Of trust, and heart, and eye contact,
because so much gets shared through the eyes.
So on some level,
pornography's coming up because it has to be cleansed.
It's an old, ancient issue.
The debasement of the human body.
Using children, animals,
controlling people this way.
This is so old.
So as we’re changing the paradigm,
everything that's not working,
that's really dark and nasty,
it's got to come up to be identified.
This whole idea of,
well, we’re gonna get ascended and
we're gonna lift our consciousness in love and light,
and we don’t have to know about all this stuff.
'Cause I’ve taught very difficult things over the years,
and I’ve taken a lot of flak for it.
People years ago used to say, "Barbara Marciniak.
"Wow, she’s getting really dark."
And, “Is she working with the Devil?”
And all this stuff, and I'd say, "Wow!
"Are these people are in denial."
That if you don’t use light words
and things of all beauty and upliftment,
people are afraid.
And yet, if we don’t go there and address it,
it can never be healed.
It’s like, think about leprosy,
how horrible it was, historically.
People didn’t want to look,
and they banned the lepers and everything.
It wasn’t until Father Damian on Molokai,
that he made a home for the lepers,
and he looked at them,
and then people could address it
and they could start healing it.
So we have to look at what’s not working,
even if people think they're enjoying it.
Because the entity--
It’s popping up all around, anyway.
The entity possession is going to get worse and worse.
And one of the reasons is this.
That...
there are beings on the planet, human.
Or they have a human body.
I don’t know how human they are,
but they operate with a physical form.
And they understand some of the oldest arts of the planet,
which I guess you would call magical arts.
It's like a magical intelligence.
And these arts can be used for good, or ill.
And they use them for ill.
When you perform acts of intention
at times of power,
then you can affect, you can condition space.
And anything that's done on the solstices, the equinoxes,
the cross-quarters,
which are the half way point
between the solstice and equinoxes,
and the new moons and the full moons.
Any kind of ceremonial activity that's done at that time
can really condition the whole Earth.
Especially if somebody really knows what they're doing,
and they want to dedicate a certain activity
such as 9/11, for example.
Let's stage a 9/11, this mass ritual sacrifice of people,
and let’s broadcast it and tell everyone that it's this.
And then what happens is,
on some level we think, "Oh my God!"
You know, I didn’t. I knew right away.
As soon as it happened,
because of my intuition, my work,
I knew exactly what it was.
I knew it was a staged event,
and I knew it was an attempt to sell fear.
And more than that, what the Pleiadians said,
"It was an attempt by global elite, using media,
"to get everybody’s attention into one probable reality.
"And in that probable reality, then they dedicated,
"or they would dedicate a 9/11, or a Waco,
"or an Oklahoma City, or any of these events,
"any of the wars, any of the skirmishes,
"would be dedicated by some beings,
"some humans, to non-physical forces."
They would say, "Here, we are offering you this life form."
And you'd say, "Well, why is that important?"
One of the things I’ve learned is that
beings from other dimensions
are very attracted to us by natural.
This is natural.
We flow in and out.
And they're attracted to our life force and our vibration.
And this is why, historically,
virgins would be offered for sacrifice.
Young children, virgins,
because they had very pure energy.
And when a body would be sacrificed,
and the blood offered,
the entities would just come pouring in
because it’s food for them.
So we have to counteract that.
And part of my work has been to teach people
to honor those times when the energies
between heaven and Earth,
cosmic and ourselves, flow.
They really flow, like a Niagara Falls.
And it’s our job to give thanks,
and to pray, and to have gratitude.
And to really condition what we want
and set this season ahead by intention.
And that’s the way we have to counter-act this.
So it’s all sort of playing with the same materials,
it’s just comes down to intentionality.
And creating a new sense of values.
Real values.
Yeah, and, I think people learn about values by example,
and certainly by role model.
And when they see that someone has the courage to say,
“The Emperor has no clothes,”
then they may want to say it, too.
We’re gonna be doing a lot of that, a lot.
Astrologically, there's gonna be a lot of hard things
that we’re gonna have to integrate.
The people will because we’ve placed our belief and trust
in something, people, situations, institutions,
that don’t honor that trust.
And yet, pretend they do.
So this becomes a shock to people
because we are trusting beings.
We are really pretty good at heart, most of us.
And so we project, "Oh, I wouldn't do this,
"so nobody else would ever do this."
And that’s part of the credibility of these global elite,
is they know that, they all study psychology.
They understand behavioral modification,
they understand spirits,
they understand astrology,
they understand the whole scoop.
They're occult practitioners
and they know the story of the planet.
They know the cycles, so they manipulate us.
And the bigger question is,
we have to ask ourselves,
"If we create our own reality, individually,
"and as a mass agreement,
"why have we created this?"
Yes.
That's the big question.
It’s not like, let’s go after these people,
and can we hold new Nuremberg trials,
and can we get all indignant about what they're doing?
Well, you can waste your time doing that,
but what’s the bigger picture here?
Why have we, as a race of human beings,
created this tyranny on our planet?
And why is it that it is so pervasive
that people are afraid to even see it?
Or they don’t even think they have power to overcome it?
So those are some really pressing questions.
Really pressing issues.
And we’re gonna be looking at all of them
in the next few years.
And you will see more people come out.
You will see more people who know how to manage this energy.
I’ve been doing my work, officially,
for 20 years with the Pleiadians.
So what I see from doing my work for the last 20 years,
is that people who are willing to learn,
and willing to change their beliefs,
and willing to face up to,
"Wow! I really created this and what can I do?
"What’s the point of it?
"What lesson can I get and how can I move on?"
These people are getting really strong.
They're getting really smart.
They're totally intuitive.
They are not...
Most of the time they can’t be fleeced, anymore.
Where before, they used to say,
"Oh, isn’t this person great!"
Or, "Look at this."
They were so naive.
And now they go, "Barbara, look at this."
I just laugh because I’ve been very successful
in being able to open up
in those who wanted it.
This freedom of thinking, this freedom of perception.
It’s quiet. I don’t collect names.
There's no dues.
There's no lists of anybody, but they're everywhere.
They're all over the world.
So you feel hopeful?
I feel very hopeful,
and I feel that there's difficult times.
I don’t want to come off as just everything's gonna be fine.
It's gonna be really, really difficult.
However, there are so many brilliant people on the planet,
and they're waking up every day.
The process is, indeed, going to be a magnificent process.
Because I can feel what’s happened to me in my own life,
and how I’ve turned difficulty into victory,
and initiation into opening, into empowerment.
That’s really what it’s all about.
And as the Pleiadians would say,
"You know, you're really here to enjoy the body,
"create an experience, love."
They say that’s what we all come for, is love.
And we come to contribute to the creativity
of each of our perceptions and what we make.
We add to the creativity of the multi-verse.
And we're really here to heal.
This is what this time is about.
We're healing ourselves, we're healing our ancestors.
And by healing and eradicating this unnecessary fear,
I feel, personally, that it qualifies us
to meet other beings.
Until any initiation you meet your fear,
and you can’t get to the other side,
to those higher frequencies,
until you move through your fear.
And no one else can do it for us.
Every person has to do it themselves.
So moving through fear and deciding
that we're courageous and that we are creators,
and we can process it and go forward.
That’s taking us to the higher levels.
This is definitely going to be a fabulous time to be alive!
Thank you so much!
You’re welcome.
For more of Barbara’s work,
just click on the link below to see all of her book titles,
and you can click through to purchase them.
Meanwhile, she also does lectures and workshops,
and you can check those through going to her website.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(upbeat music)